# CCi-Assessment

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get your application up and running.
### Please note that the assessment_date has been converted to a SQL DATE data type
	*** In my Local Machine SQL DB this is how client-column appears in my table as "﻿client"
	*** Should your DB data type be DATE data-type you will receive the same results, where after March-31-2018 we have 40 clients and 2599 assessments conducted 


### Introduction
### Welcome to the Data Analyst assessment !

This assessment consists out of two parts:

*** Part 1: Data Querying
*** Part 2: Data Visualisation
    In part 1, you are required to write code to answer specific questions. These are typical queries you will be writing as part of the CCi Data Analytics team.

    In part 2, you are required to find insights in a provided dataset and visualize them. This part of the assessment is open-ended and non prescriptive, we want to see your creativity shine through !

### Purpose
    We want you to show off your skills and analytical abilities. We are providing you with a demo dataset, closely resembling the typical data we work with at CCi. We know that there are many tools available to analysts today and have provided some suggestions on what to use below, but the final choice remains up to you. Call upon your inner data querying ninja and data visualisation extraordinaire, and show us your best work !

### Helpful Links
    Since the data closely resembles what is generated by our flagship product - TRACC Platform, the below links will help you to understand the dataset better:

    https://traccsolution.com/how-it-works/
    https://traccsolution.com/best-practices/
    https://ccitracc.com/product
### Dataset
    Where to find it
    maturity_assessment_dataset.csv (located in this repository)

### Data definitions
    *** client: an anonymised version of the client's organisation name
    *** site: an anonymised version of various site names for various clients
    *** country: The country where the site is located
    *** tracc_practice: The TRACC practice that has been assessed
    *** assessment_date: The date that the assessment was conducted
    *** tracc_maturity: The maturity score is an output from the assessment and can only range between 1 and 5. CCi *** assists our clients in improving their maturity score over time, where a maturity score of 5 resembles a *** *** world-class organisation
### Part 1 - Data Querying
    Instructions
    Write queries in code to answer the below questions on maturity_assessment_dataset.csv, using Python, SQL or PySpark.

    You may submit a Jupyter notebook or simply paste the code into a plain text file.

*** Questions
    Which client has conducted the most assessments in total?
    Across how many countries are our clients assessing TRACC practices ?
    How many assessments were conducted in total for all clients, after 31 March 2018 ?
    How many unique TRACC practices did Client 48 assess ?
    How many assessments were done for each practice in 2017 ?
    Which clients have achieved a maturity score greater than 2.5, for the 5S and Teamwork practices ?
    Evaluation criteria
    We should be able to run the code and generate the correct answer, without any errors.

*** Part 2 - Data Visualisation
    Using maturity_assessment_dataset.csv, generate at least three insightful visuals about the TRACC assessment data. Where applicable, provide a short description of your findings.

    You may use any data visualisation tool of your choice (including Power BI or Tableau). You can deliver this by providing us with a Jupyter notebook, a file, screenshots, a link or Power Point presentation.

### Evaluation criteria
    Visuals provide relevant and useful insights on the data, with clear headings, axes and legends
    Short descriptions of findings are provided where applicable
    Chosen tool or technology has been used effectively and efficiently
    Overall presentation and quality of the project
    Project Delivery
### Provide us with a link to an online source code repository after completion.###

